README.md, before:

Live Map for Vice City Multiplayer
============

The map uses the ``data.json`` file in its web directory, which you have to update from the server, by default every 5 seconds.

You can use online services that can parse or validate your JSON data if it is correct. You can find them at the following URLs:
* http://jsonlint.com
* http://json.parser.online.fr

__Usage examples__:
* http://cheese.crys.hu/livemap - always the latest version
* http://ea.vrocker-hosting.co.uk/livemap

__Example for ``data.json``:__
````json
{
    "hostname": "Server name",
    "weather": 4,
    "hour": 10,
    "minute": 30,
    "numplayers": 2,
    "maxplayers": 2,
    "players": [
        {
            "id": 0,
            "name": "Player name",
            "skin": 30,
            "team": 8,
            "hp": 3,
            "ap": 0,
            "score": 6,
            "cash": 0,
            "ping": 83,
            "weapon": 0,
            "vehicle": {
                "model": 230,
                "color": [10, 21],
                "health": 1000
            },
            "pos": {
                "x": -672.98,
                "y": 941.733
            },
            "spectating": null,
            "spawned": true
        },
        {
            "id": 1,
            "name": "Player name",
            "skin": 35,
            "team": 8,
            "hp": 3,
            "ap": 100,
            "score": 6,
            "cash": 1123,
            "ping": 83,
            "weapon": 12,
            "vehicle": null,
            "pos": {
                "x": -672.98,
                "y": 941.733
            },
            "spectating": 0,
            "spawned": false
        }
    ],
    "messages": [
        // join
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "country": "Country name",
            "type": 1
        },
        // part
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 13,
            "reason": 0,
            "type": 2
        },
        // spawn
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 13,
            "skin": 1,
            "type": 3
        },
        // chat
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "msg": "Message text",
            "type": 4
        },
        // action
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "msg": "Action text",
            "type": 5
        },
        // death
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "reason": 43,
            "type": 6
        },
        // kill
        {
            "name": "Killer name",
            "team": 255,
            "victim": "Victim name",
            "vteam": 13,
            "reason": 15,
            "bodypart": 2,
            "type": 7
        },
        // teamkill
        {
            "name": "Killer name",
            "team": 13,
            "victim": "Victim name",
            "vteam": 13,
            "reason": 15,
            "bodypart": 2,
            "type": 8
        },
        // teamchat
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "msg": "Message text",
            "type": 9
        },
        // custom
        {
            "msg": "Custom Message text",
            "type": 10
        }
    ]
}
````

Commit message:

Added link for my JSON module.

README.md, after:

Live Map for Vice City Multiplayer
============

The map uses the ``data.json`` file in its web directory, which you have to update from the server, by default every 5 seconds.  
You can use the [**JSON module**](https://bitbucket.org/crys/vcmp-modules/wiki/sq_json) made by me to make it easy to export the data to JSON.

You can use online services that can parse or validate your JSON data if it is correct. You can find them at the following URLs:
* http://jsonlint.com
* http://json.parser.online.fr

__Usage examples__:
* http://cheese.crys.hu/livemap - always the latest version
* http://ea.vrocker-hosting.co.uk/livemap

__Example for ``data.json``:__
````json
{
    "hostname": "Server name",
    "weather": 4,
    "hour": 10,
    "minute": 30,
    "numplayers": 2,
    "maxplayers": 2,
    "players": [
        {
            "id": 0,
            "name": "Player name",
            "skin": 30,
            "team": 8,
            "hp": 3,
            "ap": 0,
            "score": 6,
            "cash": 0,
            "ping": 83,
            "weapon": 0,
            "vehicle": {
                "model": 230,
                "color": [10, 21],
                "health": 1000
            },
            "pos": {
                "x": -672.98,
                "y": 941.733
            },
            "spectating": null,
            "spawned": true
        },
        {
            "id": 1,
            "name": "Player name",
            "skin": 35,
            "team": 8,
            "hp": 3,
            "ap": 100,
            "score": 6,
            "cash": 1123,
            "ping": 83,
            "weapon": 12,
            "vehicle": null,
            "pos": {
                "x": -672.98,
                "y": 941.733
            },
            "spectating": 0,
            "spawned": false
        }
    ],
    "messages": [
        // join
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "country": "Country name",
            "type": 1
        },
        // part
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 13,
            "reason": 0,
            "type": 2
        },
        // spawn
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 13,
            "skin": 1,
            "type": 3
        },
        // chat
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "msg": "Message text",
            "type": 4
        },
        // action
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "msg": "Action text",
            "type": 5
        },
        // death
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "reason": 43,
            "type": 6
        },
        // kill
        {
            "name": "Killer name",
            "team": 255,
            "victim": "Victim name",
            "vteam": 13,
            "reason": 15,
            "bodypart": 2,
            "type": 7
        },
        // teamkill
        {
            "name": "Killer name",
            "team": 13,
            "victim": "Victim name",
            "vteam": 13,
            "reason": 15,
            "bodypart": 2,
            "type": 8
        },
        // teamchat
        {
            "name": "Player name",
            "team": 255,
            "msg": "Message text",
            "type": 9
        },
        // custom
        {
            "msg": "Custom Message text",
            "type": 10
        }
    ]
}
````
